you
hi my name is Jake or J man from elite
ops and I'm bringing you my second
commentary for call of duty black ops
now today i'm bringing you a game of
team deathmatch on map radiation but i'm
not actually going to talk about the
gameplay as much as i did in the last
video but i'm going to talk more about
the gun the famas now the famas is going
to be one of your biggest assets and
black ops just because of its
versatility and its ability to put down
opponents downrange very quickly now it
can pull off such feats because if it's
high fire rate which if you don't know
what that is it's just pretty much its
ability to shoot bullets very quickly as
you can see right here now it's good to
use and close to medium range because of
this because you can put lots of bullets
into your opponent's quick and it only
takes I believe three head shots to kill
an opponent and for body shots so when
using this weapons weapon it's almost
better just aim for the chest to torso
region and you can put down an enemy
just about as quick as you can by
shooting them in the head now this is a
huge advantage compared to other weapons
because other weapons usually take a
couple less shots if you hit them in the
head because they have a higher rate or
a higher damage now on call a duty on
all of your players have I am a health
of 100 points I guess you want to say
and the famas deals out I believe
something like 35 to the head and 25
plus or so so if you're trying to put
down an enemy quickly and effectively go
ahead and name for that torso to chest
region now another problem or not
another problem but one problem with the
famas is that is its high rate of fire
because you lose a lot more ammo a lot
more quickly now you can counter this
with dual mags because dual mags gives
you more ammo and you can reload a lot
quicker I Regent loading a lot quicker
sounds like it might not be very good or
anything like that but it actually does
help if you're spending a lot more
bullets at a time because you're going
to end up with
lower bowl account in your magazine
after you're done with a firefight now
if you're trying to take out multiple
enemies dual mags is a very good perk
sleight of hand is also a very good our
two legs as a good attachment slide a
hand as a good perk slide a hand poor I
should say because you can aim down the
sights twice as fast and scavenger is
also a good perk if you're running out
of ammo although I prefer hardline pro
or hardline I don't use a lot of care
packages so hard line works just as well
as frontline pro and sights on the famas
pretty much personal preference I prefer
red dot sights whether it's the standard
site or the line with dots but if you're
good with the iron sights go ahead and
go for it and that's going to wrap this
video up I finished 33 and 0 on the map
radiation so if you learned a lot from
this and you liked which is all go ahead
give me a thumbs up so I can keep
putting out some more videos and thanks
for watching guys later